[Autogenerated] all right.
We covered a lot of ground in this module,
and I know it was probably a lot to take in.
Let's just review some of the key points that you should bear in mind.
First of all,
it's a really important for you to use source control
for your infrastructure is code.
The first thing I do when I start up a new project is I create
a repository and GitHub I clone it locally,
and I make sure that I'm always pushing my changes back up to
that remote repository so I don't lose anything.
And if someone wants to collaborate with me so much,
the better second thing is automate your deployment process.
Yes, you've got your infrastructure to find in code,
but humans are still fallible and make mistakes when
they're running terra form commands.
It probably makes sense to have something automating that
deployment that doesn't make those manual mistakes.
The last thing and this is more of a piece of homework that you could
do is look into ways to test your infrastructure,
to make sure the thing that you want to deploy is the
thing that was actually deployed.
And there are a number of different solutions out there,
that sort of bolt onto terra form.
The one that I'm most familiar with is Terra Grunt.
But I know there's other ones out there.
So do a little Googling.
See what you come up with coming up in the next module.
We are going to build on this infrastructure that
we've been deploying all this time.
So far.
It's just been V PCs and networking,
but there's more to life than just networking.
We're going to get Joshua Magee involved to deploy some
applications on the infrastructure,
and we're also going to see how you can use ______ form
to deploy a CloudFormation template, which seems strange when I say it out loud.
But you understand what the reasons are for doing
that once we get through the module.
So that's all coming up. Next, Stay tuned